---
Session Date: 10/26/2025
---
- we open back in school after an indeterminant amount of time has passed. The school is undergoing repairs to deal with the gas leak. The indeterminant amount of time is then immediately clarified to be a week. We're all waiting in homeroom to see who our new teacher is going to be.
- Eventually a tall man in plaid comes in and introduces himself as [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]], the new summer school teacher and school librarian. He's extremely passionate about reading and has a no-tolerance policy around bullying.
- we cut back to the night in [[Rory Harper|Rory]]'s bedroom with [[Billy Krince|Billy]] coming to consciousness. He's groggy, and [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] convinces him he pissed his pants. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] leads him outside and tell him to be careful of wolves before slamming the door.
- back in the classroom, [[Red Riding Hood|Sarah]] walks in late. [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] states he detests lateness and tells her to sit down.
- after school [[Red Riding Hood|Sarah]] comes up to us and thanks us again for saving her. She offers us pastries from her lunchbox, [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] asks if they have kids in them. She also tells us we're always welcome at her [[Grandmother]]'s house in the woods if we ever want to stop by. [[The Woodsman|The lumberjack]] is also happy to provide us lumber on short notice.
- we go to hang out in [[Aza Grimley|Aza]]'s basement. [[Mr. Grimley]] greets us and offers us grapefruit. After a bit he leaves to go grocery shopping, [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] confusingly asks for a book.
- Eventually we hear a loud crash and breaking glass upstairs.  [[Ada Grimley|Ada]] yells from upstairs for us to keep quiet. We go to investigate and find a [[Winnie T. Pooh|stout yellow bear]] fumbling around in the kitchen looking for honey. After slurping down a pawful [[Piglet]] walks in, saying he was scared of heffalumps and woozles finding him outside. They're looking for [[Christopher Robin]] and the rest of their friends.
- [[Tigger]] crashes through a window at lightning speed. He says he saw [[Eeyore]] on his way and he needs our help.
- We cut to finding [[Eeyore]] sitting on his haunches. He's depressed, saying he was just attacked by a [[Facehugger|weird, snake-like creature]] that latched on to his face. After a pause a [[Chestburster|chestburster]] explodes out of [[Eeyore]], sending stuffing flying. It appears to be made of multicolored stuffing and has a second internal mouth that looks like a party favor. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] chases after it and grabs it while [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] tries to stitch [[Eeyore]] back to life.
- [[Winnie T. Pooh|Pooh]] informs us that although [[Eeyore]]'s body has been repaired he still needs a "breath of life" from one of us. [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] tries to use his wrench to rip off the [[Chestburster]]'s head and after much struggle is able to do so. Acidic stuffing bursts from the stump, [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] are just barely able to dodge it.
- [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] begrudgingly gives mouth-to-mouth to [[Eeyore]] and a bit of golden light from [[Dale Zibson|Dale]]'s chest flows into him. There are a few pages pinned on his tail describing the characters from the Hundred Acre Woods but not any of the aliens. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] asks if they'd all like to go back home and [[Piglet]] is very adamant that they do. [[Winnie T. Pooh|Pooh]] is more reserved, wanted to stay in this new world for a while.
- The [[The Three Little Pigs|Pig]] from last week comes out of the woods and is immediately swooped up by a lightning-quick creature. We catch a flash of a sharp tail and hear a squeal.
- [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] asks [[Winnie T. Pooh|Pooh]] if he knows where his book is. He says they've been looking but haven't found it yet, and it would probably be in a place with a lot of honey. It also seems likely that the Alien book would be in the town's quarry.
- we rush to the general store to acquire a blowtorch before heading to the quarry, dropping the Hundred Acre Woods characters off in [[Ada Grimley|Ada]]'s attic along the way. [[Piglet]] stays with us out of fear. It's run by [[Thrombus Cruor]], a man with an inflamed complexion in desperate need of a dermatologist.
- [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] creates a distraction by dumping a large pile of snacks onto the counter while [[Rory Harper|Rory]] steals the blowtorch, which is "one of the more popular items". He hides it under his jacket along with a few spare gas cannisters. [[Thrombus Cruor|Mr. Cruor]] mixes up the decimal place with the snack transaction and sells it all to [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] for 20 cents instead of 20 dollars.
- [[Rory Harper|Rory]] interrogates [[Piglet]] on the way to the quarry, asking why he really decided to come along. He admits he only joined us because [[Winnie T. Pooh|Pooh]] suggested he should.
- We arrive at the quarry and find some of the tunnels have traces of alien biomass. [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] turns on her flashlight and we descend. The biomass gets thicker the deeper we go until it covers the walls completely. We eventually find the [[The Three Little Pigs|Pig]] plastered into a wall near a [[Facehugger]] egg, which opens as we approach but does not attack. We pry the [[The Three Little Pigs|Pig]] off the wall and he dusts himself off before heading back out of the cave. Stuck to the wall is a page describing [[Xenomorph|xenomorphs]] and their lifecycle, which [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] quickly reads.
- we head deeper into the caves and find a cave that smells strongly of machine grease. It's full of eggs with a large, pulsating mass at the back. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] investigates for the book itself and finds a page describing [[Chestburster|chestbursters]] and [[Facehugger|facehuggers]]. He turns around and finds an adult [[Xenomorph]] stalking towards him, dripping saliva. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] rushes over with the blowtorch without setting off any of the eggs but the [[Xenomorph]] follows in quick pursuit. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] scares it away with the blowtorch but sets fire to the room's biomass, revealing the [[Xenomorph Queen]] in the back with a page stuck to its back. Crawling down from the walls are twelve other mature [[Xenomorph|xenomorphs]].
- As they rush towards us [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] feels a hand on his back as [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] appears, wielding the Alien book. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] and [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] hand him their pages and all but the [[Xenomorph Queen]] are sucked into the book. We give [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] the blowtorch and [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] fashions a makeshift torch out of his wrench and burning biomass. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] rushes towards the [[Xenomorph Queen|Queen]] and mounts her tail like a bucking bronco, staying on and sliding towards the page. He grabs it and barrel rolls away as the [[Xenomorph Queen|Queen]] bats the blowtorch away from [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]]. Right before he's eaten [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] rushes towards [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] with the book and the page slams into place, dissolving the [[Xenomorph Queen|Queen]] into a fine mist and leaving the mineshaft devoid of anything unusual.
- with the danger gone [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] explains he's here to contain all the fables released from [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]'s library, though he isn't sure why they're freed in the first place. He asks if we can all stay after class tomorrow, saying he thinks he can use our help against "the powers of creation".
- we end all of us biking back to town with [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] on the back of [[Parker Driver|Monkey]]'s tandem bicycle.