---
Session Date: 11/9/2025
---
- our secret lore for the sessions is that no one has ever seen the face of the town's barber, [[Paul Long]]
- we know [[Dolby Greer]] to be a theater nerd and decide to start there looking for the skull. He lives in the "upper half of the upper middle class" and we go to his home to look for him. [[Mr. Greer]] is dressed like a vampire and [[Mrs. Greer]] is Frankenstein's bride. [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] puts on the bone glasses and sees two skeletons entwined in the upstairs bedroom but otherwise no sign of [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]].
- [[Rory Harper|Rory]] asks them where [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]] is and they say he's putting on a "secret show" at the school with his "fellow thespian troupe". [[Mr. Greer]] then gives [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] 50 wax lips, who is delighted.
- on the way to the school we catch glimpses of skeletons pouring milk on themselves with faint xylophone music in the background
- at the school we hear someone practicing a soliloquy. We enter the theater and see a small kid, [[Bush|Bush]], in renaissance clothing on stage being reprimanded for not knowing his lines in case "god forbid something happens to [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]]".
- after arguing with the reprimander, who we eventually learn is [[Melissa]], [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] makes a break for the back but fails spectacularly, getting seized by two stage hands names [[Jonathan]] and [[Brixton]]. However this gives [[Rory Harper|Rory]] enough of a window to sneak backstage where [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]] is practicing, dressed in all black with a skull in his hand. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] attempts to convince him to hand over the skull but is unsuccessful, not because of dice rolls but because [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]] is a die-hard method actor. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] then forcefully takes the skull, knocking [[Dolby Greer|Dolby]] out in the process.
- we head back to town to look for the "stupid kid". [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] notices that the skull looks red in the glasses, so we scan for more red bones and eventually see the arm and leg bones glowing inside of a car. It turns out to be a police car full of children, driven by a middle-aged man named [[Deputy Mann]]. Their all his kids, [[Super Mann]], [[Supra Mann]], [[Strong Mann]], [[Silly Mann]],and [[Liel Mann]]. The bones are on [[Liel Mann|Liel]]'s costume, who looks to be about 5. They drive home and we follow.
- As we approach the house we're approached by [[Boneyface]], who now has 30 skeletons in his posse. Many of them are pouring milk over themselves. He asks if we've found any of [[Ulna]]'s bones and then asks if we know where they can get more milk. We ask if he's spoken to [[Morton Basfemousz]] and he says they've near bought him out.
- [[Boneyface]]'s xylophone music almost causes [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]]'s skeleton to escape but [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] quickly cover his ears. He then goes to reclaim the arm and leg bones from the house with the rest of his posse, which we watch through the glasses. It's horrifying and brutal, several get shot in the process. Then they leave the house in an organized line and scamper off like rats.
- We hurry off in search of [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]], a "prime jock notorious for his parties", who [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] knows lives with his father in the center of town. We arrive at his house which is alive with the fervor of a raucous party. Several kids are doing whippits and/or smoking on the front port. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] sees through the glasses that [[Ulna]]'s ribcage is surrounding another ribcage, as though it's being worn.
- [[Rory Harper|Rory]] and [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] try to get into the party. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] plays it cool by asking for a cigarette and passes a roll to not choke. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] reprimands him for increasing his likelihood of lung cancer and asks for a second cigarette, which he then chews whole through a weird grimace. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] finds someone who looks to be pining after [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] and speaks to her. She says she's [[Jackie Orlaff]], and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] tells her [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] was talking about her earlier.
- Through a simply phenomenal series of events its revealed [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] is really an avid reader and [[Jackie Orlaff|Jackie]] is the head of the literature club. After rizzing her up with his interpretation of Thomas Hobbes's "Leviathan" they agree to go upstairs to look in more detail at his book collection. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] then speaks to a skeleton at the party who introduces himself as "[[Admanmanaumipmtiumadanadamimpti]]", or "[[Admanmanaumipmtiumadanadamimpti|Adam]]" for short. He tells [[Admanmanaumipmtiumadanadamimpti|Adam]] to rush upstairs and collect a "bone toll" from [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] in exchange for knowledge of "a substance better than milk". [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] is so far gone as to buy it, but [[Jackie Orlaff|Jackie]] is stone sober. After some brief discussion [[Admanmanaumipmtiumadanadamimpti|Adam]] yanks the ribcage off of [[Thlaquelyn Jolt|Thlaquelyn]] and returns to [[Dale Zibson|Dale]]. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] informs [[Admanmanaumipmtiumadanadamimpti|Adam]] of calcium carbonate, which can be found in the local quarry.
- as we return to the graveyard we see more and more people about town flapping in the wind, boneless. We pass by [[Morton Basfemousz]] carrying a large sack. We ask what's inside and he's very cagey, claiming he's just a milkman doing milkman business.
- at the graveyard we find [[Boneyface]] and over 100 other skeletons. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] conducts negotiations and hands over [[Ulna]]'s skull in exchange for [[Boneyface]] going back to sleep. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] then hands over the ribcage, [[Boneyface]] fits them together like lego pieces and calls for another skeleton to bring him "the special stuff from that Basfemousz fellow". [[Ulna]] comes to life and reunites with [[Boneyface]], and they both soon climb back into their coffins together. The xylophone music stops as soon as the lid is closed, and as soon as it does all the other skeletons immediately stop dancing and look at each other. They begin to yawn and all sprint back to their bodies, diving in like sleeping bags. The town then settles into a restful slumber and we end the session there.