---
Session Date: 10/19/2025
---
- we open to the sounds of a heart rate monitor as the elderly [[Edmund Crowe]], the school librarian, struggles to stay alive. He's covered in burns and melted flesh. We also have our own scrapes and cuts but in general fare much better. [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] had summoned us, almost desperately, and tells us in a fervor with his final words "They've escaped, and you must find them. Check my office." 
- the year is 1987. We jump back in time to that Monday morning and zoom out to the town of [[Jester's Mouth]], a crescent moon shaped town full of the trappings of normal life. We see [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] wake up in a messy bedroom, [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] eat a "classic American feast" of a single egg, [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] step over a pile of collapsing popsicle stick sculptures, [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] rise to the sound of a hoofbeat alarm clock in a room full of plaid, and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] don a leather bomber jacket.
- on the way to school [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] and [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] crash into [[Morton Basfemousz]], the town's milkman, breaking one of his bottles. He insists that [[Aza Grimley|Aza]]'s father buy "double milk" next time, or at least "some of the premium stuff".
- all five of us arrive at summer school at roughly the same time and the teacher, [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]], greets us all and begins the day's lesson. At lunchtime [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] asks [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] if he'd be willing to help out in the library during school next year, which he eagerly accepts.
- at lunch the only open seat for [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] is next to [[Billy Krince]], the school bully, who insists [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] give him the entirety of his lunch which is a single hard-boiled egg.
- [[Paul Kimbal]], the school janitor, is in the hallways buffing the linoleum
- at the end of the day [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] asks for help moving and sorting boxes into the school library and we all end up agreeing. One of the boxes is labeled for a room in the back which we've never been in before with instructions on getting the key from his office. The locked door leads to a flight of stairs heading downward, much deeper than would seem possible. Eventually we arrive at a chamber at the bottom with a metal floor surrounded by hundreds of old, leather-bound books with plain titles in gold script. "The Tale of the Two-Faced Maid" and "Jackson's Trials" are two of them. "The Tale of Little Red Riding Hood" and "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" are among a few others we recognize. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] notices the box is getting heavier and now feels almost magnetized to the ground. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] helps try to hold it up but it starts vibrating and they lower it to the floor. Some of the other books on the shelves begin to vibrate as well.
- [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] heads over to one of the vibrating books and picks up "The Tale of a Girl and Three Bears". At a quick glance it appears to be the tale of Goldilocks but written in an academic tone, as if someone was just trying to put all the details of the story to paper. The book also feels heavier than it looks like it should, and the paper feels like tough canvas. On the inside of the front and back covers are intricate drawings, patterns, and stamps in black ink.
- the box begins to vibrate more strongly and [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] opens it, immediately flooding the room in a strange blue light. At the bottom is some strange contraption that looks like a smashed glass and wood sculpture meshed with gems and intricate clockwork. In the center is a pocket watch ticking down from 12.
- [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] suddenly rushes down the steps, suddenly no longer seeming so frail. After seeing the device he yells at us all to run and begins trying to tamper with the device. As we flee we see strange things poking out of the books, fingers, faces, limbs, and are able to get just far away enough before a loud explosion knocks us all unconscious.
- we all eventually wake up in the nurses office, tended to by the school's nurse, [[Kia Cruce]]. The principal, [[Lindsey Harper|Mrs. Harper]], comes in and looks accusatorily at [[Rory Harper|Rory]] before demanding an explanation. Eventually she determines there was a gas leak in the library and tells us [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] is at the hospital. 
- as we're preparing to head home someone in scrubs bursts into the room and whispers to [[Lindsey Harper|Principal Harper]], who says that [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] has requested us at his hospital bed. We go, and the events of the beginning of this session take place, ending on his final dying word "...betrayer...".
- as we all stand there in shock an elderly woman enters the room and begins to mourn him. [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] recognizes her as [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]'s [[Mrs. Crowe|wife]]. She asked what happened and [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] begins to fill her in but [[Rory Harper|Rory]] cuts him off. She seems despondent that [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] asked for us in his final hour instead of her.
- [[Dora Driver|Mrs. Driver]] eventually comes in comforts [[Parker Driver|Monkey]], who is shocked at having just watched a man die. They go home and [[Gale Zibson|Mrs. Zibson]] fetches [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] soon after, followed by [[Ada Grimley|Ada]] for [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] and [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]]. [[Lindsey Harper|Principal Harper]] tries to get [[Rory Harper|Rory]] to say more about what happens but is unsuccessful.
- after [[Ada Grimley|Ada]] drops [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] off he reads the letter his father left him in the morning, which praises [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] for spending another day in the American education system and requests he have hot dogs for dinner.
- at night [[Rory Harper|Rory]] hears a scratching at his window and comes face to face with a car-sized wolf, peeking in on its hind paws to the second floor. It whimpers and noses at the latch on the window but [[Rory Harper|Rory]] tries to get it to flee. It seems sad but then grins widely, bearing its teeth and beginning to speak, asking to be let in. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] continues to deny it entry and it eventually says it "will have to just blow the house down then, another night perhaps" and stalks off into the night.
- the next morning, Tuesday, is the funeral for [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]. Summer school is cancelled for the day. It's hosted by [[Father Bellows]], the town priest, and goes uninterrupted until the end when [[Kevin Krince]] rushes to the front and asks if anyone has seen [[Billy Krince|Billy]], offering a free used car to anyone that finds him. 
- after the funeral we all decide to go back to the school to see what [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] wanted us to find. It's cordoned off by [[Officer Rario]], [[Jester's Mouth]]'s only police officer, and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] attempts to distract him. We all beef it (one success in 37 dice) except for [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]], who goes to the library and find it largely in the same condition as before and hasn't blown up. The door to the basement is open and he heads down, finding the room practically empty with all the books missing. The box is still in the center of the room and the odd device is still inside, although the pocket watch on the face is cracked in half.
- [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] takes the remains of the device and heads back upstairs to [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]'s office. On his desk is "The Tale of the Girl and the Wolf", and upon inspection about half of the pages are ripped out. All descriptions of characters themselves are missing, leaving only the academic descriptions of settings and references to the characters. Upon further investigation he finds a dip pen on [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]'s desk with ink that matches the designs on the inside cover of the books, and the missing pages seem to be cleanly separated from the spine. He also finds notes on the behavior of the missing wolf that say it requests entry to peoples' houses and eats them when let in. If it's denied entry it comes back the next night.
- [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] sneaks back out and signals to [[Aza Grimley|Aza]], who stops confounding [[Officer Rario]] with cyclical political arguments. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] explains his theory that the wolf from the stories ate [[Billy Krince|Billy]] and probably is coming for [[Rory Harper|Rory]] next. [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] asks if the lumberjack from the story was also missing, which [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] confirms.
- as we walk back to town we're approached by a young girl wearing a red hood. She asks if we can help her get to her grandmother's house in the woods. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] asks if she knows where she is and she's unable to answer, claiming to be in so much distress from not being with her grandmother. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] asks her name, she says "Sarah". [[Rory Harper|Rory]] asks why she doesn't travel with an adult, she says she "doesn't think the adults would understand."
- [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] reveals the book and Sarah grabs at it, saying she needs it to make sure she isn't sealed away again. In the process she also reveals she has her own page inside her cloak. We calm her down and learn we may be able to seal the wolf away by putting its page back inside the book.
- we come up with a plan to steal sedatives from the town vet and put them in a dummy of Rory, hoping that the wolf will eat it whole and fall asleep. Sarah agrees to give it a try.
- As we approach the vet Sarah confesses she made that name up and that her real name is "Red Riding Hood". She summons a begrudging songbird and asks it to play sick, which is does as much as any bird can. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] attempts to distract the receptionist using the bird but biffs it. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] sneaks in anyway following advice from [[Rory Harper|Rory]] and successfully finds vials of horse tranquilizer, syringes, and edible fluid capsules.
- that night we all sneak over to [[Rory Harper|Rory]]'s house to wait in ambush for the wolf. The wolf eventually pokes its nose through the window, smells the dummy, and gobbles it whole. It then sniffs over to the closet where most of us are hiding and [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] jumps out from under the bed, injecting a second dose of tranquilizer into it. It turns in surprise and unhinges its jaw, lurking towards [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]], but [[Rory Harper|Rory]] leaps out of the closet with the final dose and renders the wolf unconscious.
- as we investigate the sleeping body of the wolf we find a crumpled piece of paper tangled in its fur. [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] inserts it into the book and it magnetically attaches to the right spot, snapping back into place. The book then flashes, glows, and the wolf slowly fades into a gaseous mist that's slowly sucked back into the book before shutting on its own. Where the wolf was is now a large man in plaid and overalls, an elderly woman, a pig, and [[Billy Krince]].
- Red races over to embrace her grandmother and the lumberjack thanks us for saving them. The pig stands on its hind legs and asks where its brothers are. We ask if they'd all like to be put back in their book and they look alarmed, saying there's no need now that the wolf is vanquished. The lumberjack then scoops up the grandmother and Red in one arm, the pig in the other, and leaps out the window before disappearing into the woods. 