---
Session Date: 11/16/2025
---
- our secret lore is that [[Rory Harper|Rory]] has seen [[Morton Basfemousz]] going into the municipal building late at night, catching glimpses of him meeting with the [[Blathazar Twine]], the towns vizier
- a new type of unidentified chocolate has become increasingly popular over the past few days. [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] shows us a PSA on the dangers of crack but tells us to think of the chocolate as crack.
- after school we see a figure in a trenchcoat holding up a picture of someone to passers by. We approach and they seem to have a smaller head than we would expect, and they hold up the picture of the man. We immediately see the man sleuthing poorly around the outskirts of town.
- the figure in the trenchcoat says they're [[Oompa Loompa|Michael Johnson]]. We suspect they're [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]] looking for [[Willy Wonka]]. We also remember an abandoned linoleum factory has recently started up again. [[Agustus Gloop]] then tries to offer us chocolate, which [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] accepts but [[Dimitri Kuznetsov|Dimitri]] stops him from eating it.
- we speak with [[Vladimir Kuznetsov|Mr. Kuznetsov]], who is taking vodka shots. He's lost his job at the mines because several smaller workers agreed to work for cocoa beans. We then speak with [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] and he tells us very little, other than that we should explore the factory.
- [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] reveals his newly-finished tandem bicycle, which is extra durable and can fold in half to be a normal bicycle
- outside the factory we see [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]] patrolling the exterior. They're soon berated by [[Veruca Salt]], who address her as "Overseer Veruca". [[Rory Harper|Rory]] speaks to one of them and they say things used to be so much better under "the kid", and they're afraid to disobey lest they be sent to the mines. [[Veruca Salt|Veruca]] then approaches and we tell her we were sent here for a tour by [[Agustus Gloop|Agustus]], and she says we must be the new tasters.
- the factory is receiving supplies from their "benefactor", [[Bertram Fatcat]], the local robber baron and owner of the mine. We're led inside and see [[Mike Teavee]] driving several [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]] as though it were a steel mill, one of which burns their hand in a cauldron of molten chocolate. We're then lead to a surgical-looking tasting room and left alone for a moment, in which [[Willy Wonka]] climbs in through a window and gives us gummies to take before we try the new samples, warning us against it. He also says [[Grandpa Joe]] has the pages of all the kids and the [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]], forcing them to work for him. He's trying to get [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]]'s recipes, which is why he's in hiding.
- We take the gummies and he scrambles back out the window right before [[Veruca Salt|Veruca]] returns. We're then greeted by [[Grandpa Joe]], who tells us this is his factory but won't tell us who's grandpa he is. We're strapped to chairs to ensure we "survive the tasting experience" and take the new samples, which are carried by [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]] in surgical attire. We have an out-of-body experience but are wrenched back into our bodies.
- [[Grandpa Joe]] asks [[Veruca Salt|Veruca]] if we've become obedient yet. [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] acts confused then pretends to fall under its spell, the rest of us do the same. [[Grandpa Joe]] instructs us to leave samples of the new chocolate in every mailbox in town and then dismisses us, but [[Rory Harper|Rory]] jumps him and knocks him to the ground, muffling his surprise with [[Dale Zibson|Dale]]'s hat (which [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] was unable to throw onto his face directly). [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]] bursts into the room again while [[Dale Zibson|Dale]] tears a painting of [[Grandpa Joe]] off the wall, revealing a safe. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] force feeds [[Grandpa Joe]] the new chocolate, who reveals the safe code is 1-1-1-1. Inside is "The Tale of the Boy and the Chocolate Factory" and several loose pages. [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]] advocates for keeping himself and the [[Oompa Loompa|Oompa Loompas]] free from the book. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] says they can stay if they don't do anything illegal, get out of their contracts with [[Bertram Fatcat|Mr. Fatcat]], and only subsist on everlasting gobstoppers to prevents the 10k [[Oompa Loompa]] population from destroying [[Jester's Mouth]]'s ecosystem. We debate this for some time and forget about the [[Vermicious Knid|Vermicious Knids]] that [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]] had warned us about before, during which they have devoured the entire [[Oompa Loompa]] population at the factory. [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]] sprays one of the [[Vermicious Knid|Vermicious Knids]] with "knid pheromones" and it is soon devoured by another [[Vermicious Knid|knid]], and the cycle repeats until only one [[Vermicious Knid|knid]] remains. [[Willy Wonka|Wonka]] calls the great glass elevator to help us escape and reveals he had the page for the [[Vermicious Knid|Vermicious Knids]] the whole time. This act of stupidity seals their fate and all other pages are returned to the book. Some of the mind-control chocolates are left behind, and we take them for future use.
- we return to [[Vladimir Kuznetsov|Mr. Kuznetsov]] and find him in excellent spirits, as all the "little men have mysteriously disappeared from the face of the earth". He prepares a celebratory borscht dinner for us all and we end the episode there.