---
Session Date: 11/2/2025
---
- when [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] returns home [[Mr. Grimley|Mr. Grimley]] asks him about the broken window in the kitchen. [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] is incredibly cagey and [[Mr. Grimley|Mr. Grimley]] only gets more frustrated. Eventually [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] says he is under a "sacred friendship pact", which convinces his father to drop the issue if [[Aza Grimley|Aza]] promised to clean up and replace the jars.
- we cut to the end of class the next day, which is "Halfaween Eve", where [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] is wrapping up a lecture on the complexities of the limitations of a third-person perspective in storytelling. He inquires at to the state of [[Dale Zibson|Dale]]'s gooch, who says it feels like he went down a cheese grater the wrong way and feels about as good as someone who straddles a grindstone 24/7.
- [[Tex Mudwalker|Mr. Mudwalker]] continues to explain that he is from [[The Order of the Secret Scribes|an old order]] dedicated to the protection of humankind. When enough people believe something for long enough it gathers powers and can become real, like Jesus except for the being real part. Humanity lived with this knowledge for many years but was in constant peril at the beings of their own creation. Eventually this order realized those beings could be secured, contained, and protected in prisons of [[The Order of the Secret Scribes|the order]]'s creation, aka the books that [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]] originally showed us. [[The Order of the Secret Scribes|The order]] is known as [[The Order of the Secret Scribes]]. He isn't sure how or why the books under [[Edmund Crowe|Mr. Crowe]]'s care were breached.
- The next day we all go trick-or-treating with [[Rory Harper|Rory]]'s three-year-old half-sister [[Eliza Harper|Eliza]]. After stopping at everyone's parents [[Eliza Harper|Eliza]] gets tired and we head back to drop her off. However along the way we pass by [[Vernon Brownstone]]'s house and [[Eliza Harper|Eliza]] insists we stop by. As we approach we find [[Vernon Brownstone|Mr. Brownstone]] as a boneless heap of skin limply wiggling around. He asks us for help and [[Rory Harper|Rory]] distracts [[Eliza Harper|Eliza]] while [[Parker Driver|Monkey]] carries him inside. [[Vernon Brownstone|Mr. Brownstone]] says something called [[Boneyface]] came by and stole his skeleton by singing a jaunty tune. 
- [[Rory Harper|Rory]] goes to drop off [[Eliza Harper|Eliza]] while the rest of us go to the graveyard to look for [[Boneyface]]. We find the gravedigger, [[Moe Eerie]], hard at work digging a grave. He says he saw [[Clay Torus]] and [[Ford Torus]] from the homesteads robbing a grave tonight, something that supposedly happens frequently. They're known as troublemakers, along with the rest of their family. One grave is marked "Boniface" and another is marked "Ulna".
- Inside Boniface's grave is a pair of iron-rimmed spectacles. Wearing them shows everyone's skeletons inside them, as with x-ray vision.
- We head to the homesteads and run into [[Boneyface]] along the way, who says he's looking for the bones of his lady-wife [[Ulna]]. We knock on [[Clay Torus|Clay]] and [[Ford Torus|Ford]]'s door and are met by their father, who calls for them. We talk to them in private and learn they sold the skull to a theater kid, the arms and legs to a "stupid kid" for a skeleton costume, and the ribcage and torso to [[Thlaquelyn Jolt]]. They were paid $30 in total for their troubles.
- [[Rory Harper|Rory]] says they should get half the money in exchange for not telling on them and they laugh, threatening to beat us all up if we say anything. [[Rory Harper|Rory]] responds with a sucker punch to [[Clay Torus|Clay]]'s jaw and connects. After some banter they settle on $11 and we head off to complete the fetch quest.